Hi.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we are going to start building the profile screen.
Okay.
Now, in the last lecture, what we simply did is whenever a user searched for other user, then they
should be able to click on this to take the user to the search user profile screen.
So in this lecture, we are going to start building the profile screen for the user.
Okay.
And over here you can see we still have that profile page test.
Now what we can do is we can head up to the coast, the Dot Phi, and we have to get rid of this and
use the profile to use the profile screen, profile screen.
Profile screen and what you have to do is to halt.
We started.
It's going to take some time to restart and definitely.
Okay.
All three started.
And back to this.
Okay.
It's hurt to restart this now, and we just have to wait.
This OC profile screen.
And now we can then start building the profile screen.
Well before then, like I said, when the user search for other users over here.
Right.
And they click on this.
We want to be able to display the user profile screen profile details over here.
To do that, we have to pass the UID of the user.
So we have to go to the screen and.
You can see why we have the navigator.
Sorry.
Over here.
We wrapped the list.
View the beta with a gesture detector.
And over here we created a function called on tap.
And over here we are saying navigator dot push, dot off, contest material, page out.
And we basically want to go to the profile screen.
And what we then have to do is in the profile screen.
We can just create a final Rainbow Warrior, and we're going to call this Foreigner Rainbow.
Okay.
Maybe string and uid uid.
And now we have to pass it on to the constructor alight and then create constructor for final fields
and you can see it automatically passed the required keyword.
And over here in the search screen where we are calling the profile screen, you can see it's asking
for the value and for the value.
We are going to use this search data and of course you can see we have the profile screen above this
search data.
So we can't use this variable because it is below the profile screen.
Right.
It's going to say maybe on the fine because we have the variable value and we are trying to use it to
buy it.
Right.
So what we then have to do is to alight and use control and then we are going to remove this widget
and we are going to then wrap this list view.
So at least tie a light and use controlling dot and okay.
Ah sorry wrap with widget.
And we are then going to wrap this with a gesture detector.
And as you know, the gesture detector has a property known as on tap.
And we can then say the navigator.
Nah.
The gator dodged the tough contest and dot push.
We basically want to push to the profile screen.
Material.
Peter out.
I think you've seen all this before.
Material Peter out and it's going to take in the context.
And of course, we can choose to specify the type of context that it is, a type of beauty contest.
But most of the time you really do not need to specify, okay, and this.
And now we have to return the profile.
The Pro Fei.
Profile screen.
Okay profile screen and you can see he's asking for the UID, right?
Because over here in the profile screen, in the profile screen, we created a variable called UID and
whenever we call this a profile screen is going to require the value of the kid.
So y you can see it's asking us to assign a value to that uid and for the value is going to be the search
data.
Variable search data.
Search data and dots uid how this and had this.
So over in the OC seems good.
And also you can see we are also calling the profile screen in the cost of PHI.
So we also do need to provide the we also need to provide provide the value to the uid sorry oc uid
and for the UID is going to be that old controller.
You can just see odd controller.
I think we have it globally and lot user.
Though it's uid and why we need a no check.
Okay, Cisco.
Sounds good, right?
Okay.
And now we can then start using the profile screen.
So what we can just do is we can get rid of this body over here.
It's NCA, right?
And within the scaffold, we can then have a higher bar.
And this is going to be high bar.
Bar.
Okay.
We can give a color to the sidebar.
Sorry, a background color.
And maybe this is going to be close to black.
Black 12 and also within the harbor.
We can then have survey within the harbor.
The harbor has a property known as leading and it's going to be an icon.
Widget icon.
Icon.
And what we can just say is icons.
Sorry.
Icons.
Dot.
Person.
I think we have person.
On this score hard.
Okay.
You can just go with this.
Use control and save and go check it out.
Okay.
We just have to.
We start this again.
Sorry for the delay.
I think I talk way too much.
Okay.
And go check it out.
It's going to hold as we start this now and we are then good to go.
And you can see the view and also see heart icon over here.
The harbor has a property known as action.
But you could just use a row for this.
Right.
And use space between right to have an icon or via an icon over here as well.
But the harbor has a property known as action.
Action.
Sorry.
Within the harbour actions and we can then use maybe.
Icon.
Then this is going to be icons dot.
More.
I think we have something like that.
On the score.
Horace.
Okay.
He's safe.
And you're going to see it over here.
And like I said, you could just use a row for this.
Okay.
And now the.
The harbor has also a property known as tied to.
Tied to.
So where are we?
We tend to harbour.
Well, okay.
Sorry, Ty, too.
And it's going to be a test with and we can just say this is going to be for the username.
Like in the future, we are going to be able to retrieve the user name, right?
For now we can just go with this test and we can then have a star and test the star.
Of course.
To stay.
To start, we can increase the foreign trade.
So maybe to eat.
The bored and ideal newcomer.
And this control necessary.
And go check it out.
Okay.
We could also take it to the centre within the harbour.
It has a property known as center title and we can then set it to true.
Okay.
You can try and save.
Sims.
Cool.
Okay, guys, see you in the next lecture.